Quartus Forth License Agreement and Limited Warranty

IMPORTANT: Read Before Using the Accompanying Software.

QUARTUS FORTH SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ENVIRONMENT SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS AND TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE
USING THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE, THE USE OF WHICH IS LICENSED FOR USE ONLY
AS SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE CONDITIONS AND TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE. USING ANY PART OF THE
ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE CONDITIONS AND TERMS.

Neal Bridges (the "Developer"), 65 Scadding Avenue #809, Toronto, Ontario,
Canada, M5A 4L1 and the user of Quartus Forth (the "Licensee"), hereby
agree as follows:

EVALUATION: The Developer grants to the Licensee a non-exclusive
royalty-free license to use the "evaluation" version of the Quartus Forth
software free of charge for an unlimited time for the purpose of evaluation
for suitability to purchase a registered copy of the Quartus Forth
software. All other terms and restrictions set forth in this license
agreement are to remain in effect.

LICENSE: The Developer grants to the Licensee purchasing the registered
Quartus Forth software (the "Software") a non-exclusive, royalty-free,
nontransferable license to use the Software and its documentation in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this License Agreement on any
Palm Computing® platform product and/or any personal computer, provided
that the Software is used only in connection with the development of
products by the Licensee for use with the Palm Computing® platform
products. This license provides for the use of the Software by a single
individual only. Each individual who desires to use the Software must
purchase a registered copy.

Except as explicitly set forth below, (i) no license is granted to any
rights to copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or any other
rights in respect to the Software; (ii) no license is granted to the
human-readable code of the Software (source code).

The Developer retains title, all rights, interest, and ownership of, in and
to the Software and accompanying documentation. The Software and its
documentation are owned by the Developer, are protected by Canadian
copyright laws and international treaty provisions, and may also be
protected by other laws.

The Software contains certain sample source code in the form of library
code, example applications and code fragments (both in the source code
files and documentation provided hereunder), and may include tutorial
applications (collectively, "Sample Source Code"). The Licensee may use the
Sample Source Code internally to develop products for Palm Computing®
platform products. The Licensee may distribute any such products built with
the Sample Source Code, provided that the following copyright notice is
included within the source code and in the location of any such product’s
copyright notice: "Portions copyright © 1998 Neal Bridges. All rights
reserved."

The Developer grants the Licensee the right to develop and distribute
products created using the facilities provided by the Software. Such
products may be distributed on a royalty-free basis.

The Developer may furnish the Software to the Licensee electronically or on
media in machine-readable object code form.

LICENSE RESTRICTIONS: Modification, decompilation, reverse engineering,
reverse compiling, or disassembly of the Software is expressly prohibited.
Any information obtained during such unlawful reverse engineering and/or
decompilation activities, including but not limited to the logic,
organization, algorithms and processes of the Software, shall be deemed
confidential and proprietary information of the Developer.

Except as explicitly set forth in this License Agreement, the Licensee is
not permitted to rent, lease, network, distribute, sublicense, loan, or
create derivative works based upon the Software or its documentation in
whole or in part, or to use the Software in a time-sharing arrangement or
in any other unauthorized manner, unless with the written permission of the
Developer.

The Licensee is not permitted to transfer or assign the Software or the
rights under this license, without prior written permission of the
Developer.

This License Agreement does not grant the Licensee any right to receive
enhancements or updates to the Software or accompanying documentation.
Updates and enhancements, if available, may be obtained by the Licensee at
the Developer’s then-current standard pricing, terms, and conditions.
Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights to the content
accessed through the Software are the property of the applicable content
owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other law. This
License Agreement gives the Licensee no rights to such content.

TECHNICAL SUPPORT: For individual Licensees for a period of sixty (60) days
from the date of purchase, ONLY LICENSED PURCHASERS OF THE FULL REGISTERED
QUARTUS FORTH SOFTWARE PRODUCT will have access to technical support via
electronic mail. Upgrades to the Software and its documentation, if any,
are not included and may be sold separately.

LIMITED WARRANTY: If the Developer provides the Software on diskettes, he
warrants the Software diskettes for a period of sixty (60) days from the
date of original purchase from the Developer or an authorized retailer. To
obtain warranty service, proof of date of purchase will be required. Any
updates to the Software provided by the Developer (which may be provided at
the Developer’s sole discretion) shall be governed by the terms of the
License Agreement. The Developer’s entire liability and Licensee’s
exclusive remedy will be limited to the replacement of the defective
diskettes upon return to the place of purchase within the warranty period.
The Developer will not be responsible for replacement of any diskette
damaged by accident, abuse, or misapplication.

The Developer makes no warranty or representation that the Software will
meet the Licensee’s requirements or that it will work in combination with
any hardware or software products provided by third parties, or that the
operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error free, or that all
defects in the Software will be corrected.

WARRANTIES EXCLUSIVE: TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE FORGOING
WARRANTIES AND REMEDIES ARE EXCLUSIVE AND ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES, TERMS, OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EITHER IN FACT OR BY
OPERATION OF LAW, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WARRANTIES, TERMS, OR
CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
SATISFACTORY QUALITY. THE DEVELOPER NEITHER ASSUMES NOR AUTHORIZES ANY
OTHER PERSON TO ASSUME ANY OTHER LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE,
INSTALLATION, MAINTENANCE OR USE OF HIS PRODUCTS.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THE
DEVELOPER ALSO EXCLUDES FOR HIMSELF AND HIS RESELLERS ANY LIABILITY FOR
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL OF ANY KIND OR FOR ANY REASON, OR FOR
COMMERCIAL LOSSES OF ANY KIND, OR OTHER FINANCIAL LOSS ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE USE, SALE, MAINTENANCE, INSTALLATION, FAILURE,
PERFORMANCE, OR INTERRUPTION OF THIS PRODUCT, EVEN IF THE DEVELOPER OR HIS
AUTHORIZED RESELLER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR CERTAINTY OF
SUCH DAMAGES, AND LIMITS HIS LIABILITY TO THE LICENSEE FOR ALL DAMAGES,
LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE) TO REPLACEMENT OF THE SOFTWARE ON NEW MEDIA, OR
REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID, AT THE SOLE OPTION OF THE DEVELOPER.
THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES WILL NOT BE AFFECTED IF ANY REMEDY
PROVIDED HEREIN SHALL FAIL OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

SEVERABILITY: In the event any provision of this License Agreement is found
to be unenforceable for any reason, the provision will be reformed only to
the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and enforceability of the
remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

TERM AND TERMINATION: This License Agreement is effective until terminated.
The Licensee may terminate it any time by destroying the Software and
documentation together with all copies. This License Agreement will also
terminate immediately in the event of the Licensee’s non-compliance with
any condition or term of this License Agreement. Upon such termination, the
Licensee must promptly destroy the Software and its documentation.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This License Agreement represents the entire
understanding and agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior
agreements or representations, whether written or oral, and may be amended
only in a writing signed by both parties.

Neal Bridges
Toronto, CANADA
e-mail: nbridges@interlog.com
<http://www.interlog.com/~nbridges/>
